---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Terminologies

## Class observation

Class observation is the first part of the coaching process. It occurs when the coach schedules a session with the selected teacher to observe their class and rate each teaching practice in the Coach's app. Once the observation is complete, the teacher and the coach sit together to conduct a feedback session.

View more about this at the [Class Observation page](class-observation/how-to-start)

## Coaching session

The coaching session is the second and final part of the coaching process, occurring after a class observation. The coach selects a teaching practice that needs improvement based on the observation of the class. Both the teacher and the coach must discuss what needs to be worked on and define actions for improvement together.

View more about this at the [Coaching Process page](coaching-process/how-to-start)

## Teacher Learning Circle

Teacher Learning Circles are sessions led by Head Teachers that occur once a month. During these sessions, teachers sit in a group and focus on learning together about one key teaching practice.

## Coach profile

The coach profile contains the coach's personal information such as name, birthday and identification numbers. All data collected by the coach in the school is linked to the coach profile (e.g. teachers added, class observations, coaching sessions).

View more about this at the [Basic usage page](basic-usage/creating-account)

## Teacher profile

The teacher profile contains the teacher's personal information such as name, birthday and identification numbers. All data generated by performing class observations and coaching sessions with the corresponding teacher is linked to their profile. The teacher profile also provides statistics about the teacher based in the data.

View more about the teacher profile at the [Teacher section in the basic usage page](basic-usage/discovering-home) and the statistics at the [Teacher data page](teachers-data/about-teachers-data)

## Incomplete sessions

A session is considered incomplete if the coach completes a class observation but doesn't conduct a coaching session.
To complete a session, the coach must schedule some time with the teacher, select their profile and conduct a coaching session, providing clear feedback about the last class observation.

View more about this at the [Coaching Process page](coaching-process/how-to-start)

## Teaching Practices

Teaching Practices are the skills that the teacher must meet to demonstrate progress in a given subject. In the coach's app, the teaching practice is represented by each group of questions to be answered by the Coach during a Class Observation.

## Micro-teaching practices

Micro-teaching practices are the micro-skills that the teacher must attend in a Teaching Practice. In the coach's app, the micro-teaching practice is represented by questions to be answered by the Coach during a Class Observation and to be selected in the Coaching Session for the teacher to work on to improve.
